Arlan

One thing I noticed on the alphabet screen, the buttons overlaps on the top left corner of the screen.
The back button on the alphabet screen shows the congratulation message even have not done anything.
The times up pops - up many times.
I strongly suggest that you add scores.
You should fix the number screen problems and solutions.

Mary ann

The background is not that appropriate for kids.
The arithmetic is not correct.
The Time's Up pop-up appears repeatedly.
There is no Instructions for the Shapes activity.
The "back" button does not work properly (in the Alphabet activity).
The "cancel' button does not work properly.
There are some grammatical errors like the sentence, "You Finish the game".

Jam

Nice background!
There are no instructions on how to play the game in Shapes and Alphabets.
There are problems in the dialog boxes.
Notification Times Up appears repeatedly when time is zero.
Back button is not working (Number Quiz).
Buttons are overlapping in Alphabets.
If this is a game for kids, try not combining the mathematical operations immediately on the first level.
Use parenthesis, brackets and braces to help the kids in identifying which operation to perform first.

Kim

The app has incorrect answers.
Popup appears many times.
No back buttons.
No instructions.
Pages are not connected properly.

Tin

Times up are showing repeatedly.
The cancel button not working in the numbers.
Back button not working too in the numbers.
In the shapes put a question so that they will know what to do.
In the alphabet use the grid view so that the buttons are fixed.
No game over in shapes.
In shapes when the user click the 2 wrong answer there need to have a popup game over or go to the next screen.

XP

On the alphabet page, the buttons are covering each other.
On the same page, when you click back, the buttons disappear and when you click it again,
it goes to the "Congratulations!!" page even though the user does not complete answering it all.
The app displays the wrong answer in "Number Quiz" page.
Use FixedGridWidget to arrange the buttons.
I strongly suggest to utilize the MDAS(Multiplication, Division, Addition and Subtraction) method.

Ken

Pop-up for Time's up keeps repeating if you don't click the ok button.
Back button in the game area doesn't work.
Wrong grammar in the pop-up when you click the wrong shape. It should be "clicked" not click.
Buttons in the alphabet category are positioned wrong. I can't see letters a and b.
It opens a blank window when you finish the game.
Escape button doesn't work for exiting or going back to the main menu.
Pictures in the shapes category are not in .png file.
If you click cancel on the number category, it still pops-up the question. It should go back to the previous window. 
